README.md, before:

# inventoryManager
  A RESTful web service that can manage a real-time inventory system.

## Getting Started

- Clone the repository to your local machine.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:daviddivinefavour/inventoryManager.git
```

- Change directory to the cloned repository.

```sh
$ cd inventoryManager
```

- Install any necessary dependencies by running the `npm install` command in your terminal.

```sh
$ npm install
```

- Transpile code from ES6 to ES5 using babel

```sh
$ npm run build
```

- Copy environment variables from .env.example to new .env file, and fill the credentials with data of your choice.

```sh
$ cp .env.example .env
```

- Start project in either of the available modes[dev or prod, for development and production respectively]. However, development is used as default in this guide.

```sh
$ npm run dev
```

## Usage

Documentation on how to play around the API's can be found in the published API [documentation](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/18859386/2s93eU4aHg)

Commit message:

db setup
added commands to mount database for data persistence.

README.md, after:

# inventoryManager
  A RESTful web service that can manage a real-time inventory system.

## Getting Started

- Clone the repository to your local machine.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:daviddivinefavour/inventoryManager.git
```

- Change directory to the cloned repository.

```sh
$ cd inventoryManager
```

- Install any necessary dependencies by running the `npm install` command in your terminal.

```sh
$ npm install
```

- Transpile code from ES6 to ES5 using babel

```sh
$ npm run build
```

- Copy environment variables from .env.example to new .env file, and fill the credentials with data of your choice.

```sh
$ cp .env.example .env
```

- If this is being run locally, then after filling the details in the env file, next thing that should be done would be to drop,create and run migrations for the database.

```sh
$ cd app && npx sequelize db:drop && npx sequelize db:create && npx sequelize db:migrate
```

- Start project in either of the available modes[dev or prod, for development and production respectively]. However, development is used as default in this guide.

```sh
$ npm run dev
```

## Usage

Documentation on how to play around the API's can be found in the published API [documentation](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/18859386/2s93eU4aHg)
